chore: readme update with unofficial clients (#407)
orhun/rustypaste: README.md

    - [Nginx](#nginx)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
    - [License](#license)

> - [3rd party clients](#3rd-party-clients)

Reviewer: I'd prefer to have this before the Contributing section.

Reviewer 2: Hmm, ok. I didn't think that the 3rd party clients section would fit under `Usage`.

<sup>
All code is licensed under <a href="LICENSE">The MIT License</a>.
</sup>

> ## 3rd party clients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Third Party Clients
```

> 1. [dobohdan/ferripaste](https://github.com/dbohdan/ferripaste) - Alternative rustypaste CLI client
> 2. [rukh-debug/droidypaste](https://github.com/rukh-debug/droidypaste) - Android client built with React Native and Expo
> 3. [rukh-debug/rustypaste-gui.sh](https://gist.github.com/rukh-debug/cc42900f86e39cacef6f7a6ba77ebf58) - Linux's Minimal GUI client prowered by zenity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [dobohdan/ferripaste](https://github.com/dbohdan/ferripaste) - Alternative rustypaste CLI client
- [rukh-debug/droidypaste](https://github.com/rukh-debug/droidypaste) - Android client built with React Native and Expo
- [rukh-debug/rustypaste-gui.sh](https://gist.github.com/rukh-debug/cc42900f86e39cacef6f7a6ba77ebf58) - Linux's Minimal GUI client powered by zenity
```
